thank you marcela let's go to the
hobby sports how are you xabel
álvarez that you have us paraguay
unfortunate would leave very good morning for
you and also for daniel and of course
for people who are in the
tuning in with millennium television here
we are with sports in the hobby and
we started talking about the striped
monterrey who already know their way in the
club world 2012 since in the
draw made this morning turned out
that on Sunday December 9
will face the champion of
Asian football confederation in its
first match and in case of winning it
will measure the chelsea of ​​england champion
of Europe in the semifinal the World Cup
clubs will be held in
Japan and of course we
we will be reporting on that
particular but let's see
immediately the teams that
will participate in this club world
from japan the chelsea of ​​england by the
uefa or the confederation of europe the
corinthias from brazil by conmebol la
South American confederation el monterrey
of Mexico by the confederation of
North America and Central America or the
concacaf the loc lancer and australia
for the confederation of oceania in
November, those who are going to
participate in the club world cup by
the confederation of africa and the
confederation of asia and we will be at
so much of this particular we are going to
move immediately to soccer
Mexican and the rufo made the color of
classic young by the way something fine
particular that I want you to see
america bars as they celebrated the
15 years without being champion of the blue cross and
look at what way they celebrated
representing today these 15 years without a
mediocrity title because it's missing
delivery lack love to the shirt the
moment when the gentlemen surrender
they will find unconditional support
regulate how can we get along
two years but nevertheless we left it
back his
I do not care, I come to see your blue
Argentines are vaccinating the
america always gives me luxuries when up
moment is a 100 silver white balance
grams
we also enter amalthea to the band
ah
crown they could not with my eagles with
they do not either but good about a good
party but if there is almost no cry
with more than three times in the first
weather
we could take it out and it's good that
we help the classmates good by helping
to finish my color report because
this is over and we're all going to
our house to rest if it is
with images of blood
chavanel for the hobby jesus crown and
Adolfo Díaz
good many thanks to crown and
ruf and now we keep talking about the
Colombian Radamel the front falcao
athletic of Madrid only suffers a slight
overload in the thigh adductor
right as confirmed by the evidence
medical doctors who underwent the first
morning time and is waiting for
evolution for the match against the real
betis next Wednesday, 26
September
the kicker adam bain and connected three
field goals and the runner demarcated
murray got a touchdown so the
Dallas Cowboys defeated at home to
buccaneers of tampa bay by marker
1610 the field marshal of dallas tony
romo had two fumbles he threw
39 passes to complete 25 and accumulate
283 yards without touchdowns and one
interception
cody ross produced with a double the
final race in the eighth inning
and the red sox boston defeated
2-1 to the Baltimore Orioles
the red bats cut their streak of
four defeats in a row and also
they ended up with the chain of six
consecutive triumphs of the orioles and
we are seeing images of this match
and in this way we are reaching the end
of sports information but before
say goodbye I remember the twitter for
that they communicate with me directly
abel álvarez and now continue with adrià and
danielle in millennium television
thanks to vélez